Bassen ah today I'm going to do a quick
review and put kind of like unboxing of
excite baits I just got a bunch them in
the mail if you're me helping me out
with a couple tournaments this year so I
thought I'd just introduce you guys to
them and show them some pretty cool
stuff that they got so first bait that
is that I'm gonna go up over is dock say
face joystick it's kind of uh it's kind
of a version of a sinkhole which I would
say but so it's a lot different
it's guys it's about I think it's round
off four inches and it's got rivets all
over it and it's got it looks pretty it
looks like a natural one I'm perfect
kind of flick shake or drop shotting
that's what this is a really finesse
type of bait so that's exciting
joystick this is their whole lineup of
baits I'm just gonna be going through it
so you get to see some baits and
hopefully you'll order some of the try
out there I definitely recommend them
then this is the slim X this is they're
pretty much their trick warm styled bait
but these plastics are not hard like
zoom or like birth with it these are
these are kind of custom plastics or not
they're not gonna be breaking on you in
there they're nice they got the firm
texture but they're not too firm like on
some of those zoom trick arms or stuff
but this is a nice looking trick or mix
in a watermelon or flake also which is
an awesome color right now for spring
gonna be thrown this is gonna be a good
bed mate and on also like I said a good
shake hand bait so that stuff excite
baits slim X then we got a pretty cool
concept this is the this is the herb
agenda baby ever show this is kind of a
fluke looking bait but it's it's got a
really neat tail I mean I've never seen
anything like this on the market and the
action this thing gives on a drop shot
or just this is perfect for drop shot
the baby herbage at is I drop shotting
bait you can rig it Texas style on a
drop shot so it's gonna be a hundred
percent we list but you can also do a
know let's hook on it but it's in a
sprayed grass color and I'm gonna be
definitely dropped on this bait but a
lot of these baits in the Excite lineup
like the worms
and urban sheds had this unique tail
design which is kind of like a curled
tail with a ball neon with which you can
use as either when you're reeling on top
where it gets a little buzz or when
you're up or when you're throwing it it
creates a movement in the water so that
it bass cannot feel the vibrations in
the water so that's pretty cool with the
plastic stand-up back tail that was the
herbage ad I'm just gonna go through the
loops and then the worms then I'll go to
da da crawlies so here's the bigger rush
an enough baby bass color this is gonna
be perfect for a river fishing for
throwing in on a 5 OTT Gamakatsu a screw
lock hook and throwing it weightless or
even with a bullet weight for a tungsten
weight for going a little bit deeper
with it but it's pretty much the same
concept as the baby every shejust and a
bigger bigger bait so and they've got
some pretty neat colors this is baby
bass witches perfect clear water color
right there so Sierra chef
then we got off to baits Raptor tail one
and seven inch and one and 10 inch both
in a green pumpkin play love this color
this is I was hey I just actually had a
tournament last weekend and uh throw
another cross I'll get into that a
little bit but again this is this is a
one with that same unique eyeball tail
design perfect for a tungsten weight and
just a three or four I got I got su a
worm hook throwing around weeds or cover
summertime deep water love throwing up
bigger one so that's a seven inch and
then here's the 10 inch let's do a
little comparison with them as you can
see one is a much bigger than the other
one but each one calls for different
situations one and more finicky bite or
when you want a small presentation there
you're just trying to get trying to back
up your five fish limit or sometimes
when you need to call some fish you can
take out the bigger worm and trying to
get some bigger fish with that one so
those are the two excite baits rafter
tails
don't give in to cross it was somewhat
coolest cause I have ever seen
I'm I was throwing their Raptor tail
chunk it's got so much detail and just
the crop the claws flow which really
gives it an advantage on on the water
you cannot put this on a jigging to make
sure jig stand straight up and it just
got it's just got that design where you
you know you're gonna catch fishing I
did catch some fish this week on it was
I was using on the back of a pepper jig
with the silicone like tail in that cold
water because around here in Illinois
I'm pretty much all the lakes are frozen
except these some of these power plant
cooling lakes which is a pretty cool
concept but there they were digging this
Raptor tail trunk chunk and a green
pumpkin and purple gold just a really a
cool-looking bait that's a chunk then we
got the Raptor tail jr. this is uh just
pretty much you're just you're flipping
crawling rigging this on just like a -
worm hook Gamakatsu and then throwing it
on a 1 4 3 16 sounds I'll flipping
weight and just flipping around docks
flipping it to rocks during the spawn
pre spawn post spawn definitely one of
these baits I'll be throwing this isn't
the Excite magic color which is pretty
much a green pumpkin with red and green
green a flake in it they're always
coming out with new baits so I
definitely check out excite if you're
looking to giving some soft plastics and
stuff like that and then the last bait
in their lineup which is the on just the
excitement trail crawl just a little bit
bigger but it's kind of got a beaver
concept with also with the concept I was
throwing this with the four OTT super
line Gamakatsu and a 1/4 outweigh this
weekend and I caught me my biggest bass
which is around three and a half pounds
and there it is close-up of this bait
and it's got it's just got those
appendages got those flowing cross and
it's just it's an awesome flippin mate I
mean it's got that thicker body which is
good for flipping and it's got those
ribs but it's all I got a beaver and a
crock of mine so what I like about that
so that's pretty much the excite a soft
classic lineup will be coming off with
some new stuff coming up soon
and Tanya guys if you're looking into
any new KRAS or worms
definitely be checking out these love
the chunks for backup trailers which is
are gonna be up for the season so I like
throwing jigs and springtime so thanks
for watching AP Batson we'll see you
next time